ASU websites use cookies to enhance user experience, analyze site usage, and assist with outreach and enrollment. By continuing to use this site, you are giving us your consent to do this. Learn more about cookies on ASU websites in our Privacy Statement.
Ok, I agree
Skip to main content
Report an accessibility problem
ASU Home
My ASU
Colleges and Schools
Sign In
Admission
Info for
Academics
Cost and Aid
Campus Life
Visit
Contact
ApplyRequest info
Canceling or deferring your undergraduate admission
Canceling admission to ASU
The steps on this page apply to applicants and admitted undergraduate students before the semester of admission. Once a semester starts, and if you are enrolled in classes, you must withdraw formally from ASU in person.
If you have not registered for classes
By submitting your request to cancel your admission, you are also canceling any housing assignment and financial aid awards (including scholarships).
Be aware that you will still be responsible for any nonrefundable housing charges or other university charges you may have incurred. You can view your account and pay any charges by signing in to My ASU.
Cancel
If you have registered for classes
Step 1: Drop or withdraw from your classes. It is your responsibility to withdraw from classes. You must withdraw from all classes before the end of ASU’s refund period or you will be responsible for all tuition charges. By registering for classes you agree to pay all applicable tuition and registration fees. You are not dropped from your classes due to nonpayment. Sign in to My ASU to withdraw from your classes.
Step 2: After you’ve completed Step 1, select the “Cancel My Application” or “Admission to ASU” button below. Sign in to My ASU using your ASURITE User ID and password. Forgot your ASURITE User ID or password? Call the Help Desk at 480-965-6500 for help in resetting your password.
By submitting your request to cancel your application or admission, you are also canceling any housing assignment and any financial aid awards (including scholarships). Be aware that you will still be responsible for any housing charges or other university charges you may have incurred. You can view your account and pay any charges by signing in to My ASU. Please allow at least two weeks to stop receiving communications from ASU.
Cancel
Deferring admission to ASU
What is deferred admission?
Deferred admission is for students who want to begin their studies in a later semester than their admission semester. The admission deferment only guarantees admission into the university and not necessarily admission to a particular major or program of study. You may defer your admission for up to five terms or 2 ½  years*.
*International students on an F-1 visa may defer up to one consecutive term past the original term of admission.
If you decide to attend ASU during a different semester than your deferment semester, contact Admission Services.
When can I defer my admission?
Admitted undergraduate students can defer their admission before their first semester of enrollment.
If you have questions about deferring before you receive an admission decision, please contact your personal admission representative.
Why should I defer my admission?
If you have decided to delay your first semester at ASU, you should defer your admission. Consider your options carefully before taking this step.
Typical reasons for deferring your admission include:
Religious volunteer work.
Volunteer service.
U.S. military service.
U.S. citizens in international military service.
Non-U.S. citizen in international military service.
Financial reasons *.
Personal reasons *.
* Scholarship recipients must also complete the scholarship deferment form with Financial Aid and Scholarship Services. Subject to approval.
  Step
01
Withdraw from housing, orientation and classes
If you have not registered for classes
By submitting your request to defer your admission, you are also canceling any housing assignment and orientation appointment. Be aware that you will still be responsible for any nonrefundable housing charges or other university charges you might have incurred. You can view your account and pay any charges by signing in to My ASU.
If you have registered for classes
It is your responsibility to withdraw from classes. You must withdraw from all classes before the end of ASU’s refund period or you will be responsible for all tuition charges. By registering for classes, you agree to pay all applicable tuition and registration fees. You are not dropped from your classes due to nonpayment. Sign in to My ASU to withdraw from your classes.
Step
02
Submit your deferment application
  Domestic undergraduate students
Incoming domestic undergraduate students who are requesting to defer admission to a later semester, please submit the deferral request no later than two weeks prior to your start date. Deferral requests received after this timeframe will not be approved and a new application for admission will be required.
Domestic deferral form
If you are unable to access the above form, email deferugadmissions@asu.edu with detailed information regarding your request including ASU ID, reason for deferment request and the term in which you want to enroll.
International undergraduate students 
Incoming international undergraduate students requesting to defer admission, please download and complete the international deferment form and email it to deferugadmissions@asu.edu no later than two weeks prior to your start date. Deferral requests received after this timeframe will not be approved and a new application for admission will be required. 
International deferral form
Important scholarship and financial aid information
Step
03
Defer your scholarships and financial aid
Upon your admission deferment approval, your ASU scholarship awards will be automatically approved. Any financial aid or scholarships disbursed must be returned.
ASU is unable to defer any privately awarded scholarships. You must notify your private scholarship sponsor of your deferment request with ASU. Private scholarship deferment decisions will be made by the scholarship sponsor.
Step
04
Have your final transcripts sent to ASU
You should request transcripts from every educational institution attended. Official transcripts must be mailed or sent electronically directly to Admission Services by the records office of the issuing institution. Transcripts delivered by hand will be accepted only if they are sealed in the original high school envelope. ASU does not accept transcripts transmitted by fax. High school transcripts must show GPA and date of graduation. ASU requires an English translation of all foreign-language transcripts.
Mailing address (all materials, all campuses):
Admission Services
Arizona State University
PO Box 870112
Tempe, AZ 85287-0112
Step
05
Give your parents or family access to My ASU
You can choose to share your academic and financial records with your parent or guardian. Select the Profile tab on My ASU and find Add a Guest under My ASU Guest Access Permissions. This is particularly important if you defer your admission and anticipate having limited computer or Wi-Fi access.
My ASU Parent Guest Access
Conditions of deferring your admission
The length of your deferment will be based on the circumstances, not to exceed five terms. For U.S. citizens and non-F-1 visa holders, religious missions can be approved for up to 2 1/2 years.
You may not attend another educational institution during the deferment period. Your record may be cleared through the National Student Clearinghouse to verify you were not enrolled at another institution during your deferment.
Any changes to the deferment that do not receive prior approval by the Financial Aid and Scholarship Services office may result in loss of the scholarship or participating program.
Each application for deferment will be considered independently according to the circumstances of that leave of absence.
Although you’ve deferred your admission to ASU, you might still have outstanding charges and Priority Tasks. ASU suggests that you review your student account to avoid collection agency activity. You can view your account and pay any charges by signing in to My ASU.
Defer your admission 
F-1 undergraduate international students:
If you are an F-1 undergraduate student who is deferring your admission, you must obtain a new I-20 and related visa documents for your new enrollment term. F-1 international student deferment is valid for one consecutive term. Please contact ASUinternational@asu.edu to request your deferment.
Although you are requesting to defer your admission to ASU, you might still have outstanding charges and Priority Tasks. ASU suggests that you review your student account to avoid collection agency activity. You can view your account and pay any charges by signing in to My ASU.
You may not attend another educational institution during the deferment period.
Any changes to the deferment may result in loss of the scholarship or participating program. Please contact ASUinternational@asu.edu to speak with your international coordinator. 
Your English Proficiency scores must still be valid through the start date of the term of deferment for a deferral to be granted. Test scores are valid for only two years from exam date.
 F-1 undergraduate students wishing to defer admission should email ASUinternational@asu.edu.
Returning to ASU after deferment
Please review the steps below to make sure you're ready to start classes in the semester to which you deferred your admission. 
You can keep track of to-do items in My ASU. You'll need an ASURITE User ID and password to log in. Your enrollment deposit will be posted to the term you are entering.
Information about recovering your login information.
Incoming first-year students
Your enrollment deposit of $300 will be added to your future bill.
You may start working your way through ASU's four-part New Student Experience — begin with "Step 1: ASU Essentials." 
Confirm your meal plan and housing. 
Take the math placement assessment.
Submit the measles, mumps and rubella immunization form, if you haven't already. 
Get your ASU ID card, unless you already have one.
To reinstate a scholarship or program:
If you need to reinstate a scholarship or program, you must submit a reinstatement request form at least 30 days prior to the first day of the semester.
Financial Aid and Scholarship Services will review your request and supporting documentation to determine whether you are eligible for the reinstatement of your scholarship or program.
Incoming transfer students:
Contact your academic advisor so you'll be ready to select classes.
Submit the measles, mumps and rubella immunization form, if you haven't already. 
Get your ASU ID card, unless you already have one.
Facebook Social Media Icon
X / Twitter Social Media Icon
Instagram Social Media Icon
YouTube Social Media Icon
Arizona State University Admission
First-year Students
Overview
Steps and Requirements
Cost and Aid
Homeschooled and Virtual High School Students
Nondegree
Readmission
Visiting University Students
Contact Your Rep
Transfer and Second Bachelor Students
Overview
Steps and Requirements
Cost and Aid
Transferring Credits
Pathway Programs
Contact Your Rep
Graduate Students
Overview
Steps and Requirements
Cost and Aid
Resources
Nondegree
Admitted Students
Contact Your Rep
International Students
Steps and Requirements
Student Visa
Orientation
Contact Your Rep
Maps and Locations
Jobs
Directory
Contact ASU
My ASU
Copyright and Trademark
Accessibility
Privacy
Terms of Use
Emergency